do not split never die only disappeared in combat after
years of growth together
the study of business cent plus the microsoft stick to form a study
Independent
but before saying goodbye not only to the study
but also of the jaldo saga which fortunately will not disappear but
that will be in the hands of microsoft leave us one last installment of its title
more important
that are possibly the most important release of 2010 for these 3 60
we are talking about nothing less than pulled river
one of the most important worlds of the nss nun and fits for the strike against the
covenant
it is here where they train to scare them before going out to fight
we will control nole 6 which is a rookie that is part of a squadron
formed by six soldiers
each one with its own characteristics and in that way
that end in the must to the height accompanied by this team always
we will have company look
this is why the main campaign can be played accompanied by one to three
friends depending on the connection mode we choose
the planet riad is attacked and we as we leave have to defend it
the pichi does not have a style markedly from the beginning we had a goal
but rather it's like the life of a soldier
We have several copitiba that our duty is to do as much as possible
siasia on land in fact being guata cánovas the covenant doing civil
little machine in the air and why not in space
that yes as we advance in history was taking shape and becomes more
important
to the point that you can buy a current overproduction of a
duration between 10 13 hours
also that some kilos interesting that amazing scenery you raised lüthi
to spies finally account
it was the block itself
first of all we have to see how to customize our character
starts the game
we can choose sex and some things are not mature
what throughout the ficci we will be able to continue editing some years a day in
that the armor of the noble team
which are a bench a guard system a partial protection bar
as active flash a hologram and the sector
the great speed race is the first we will have at our disposal
although we also make a plot we can change according to the
let's find
It is very important to come at the right time especially in this mode
of high difficulty
as for moment they simply had weapons
both hours of the previous deliveries as well as new ones according to him to form
a good amount
c quite varied indifference and will not be an icon in this delivery to
term will find new enemies rush
some really difficult
all this will happen obviously when we are in combat in scenarios
open ceo of enemies that friends at times and with an intelligence
artificial rather than acceptable and this is how we get next to the section
technical
we find a completely renewed engine from the hand of bush
jecomusa we name will be at certain times with the twins with a lot and
tenderloin and it is that it is incredible the date that form rías
for example while we are fighting 15 spartan against 20 covenant for giving a
example the engine in addition to this supported several explosions in addition to
the shots and it's more the more they fly through the air and when I say
I mean so much to small merchants
another example is when we go in a vehicle and a fellow shoots from
the mounted turret
and see how the children unleashes a great battle
this is why the heat and finally one of the most important threats that you
they make you feel in war min
but the stumble against graphic spector is able to move all this into account
That and so much more
with count of the intense action is the one that goes of the campaign
but it can graphically not impracticable some victories in this
appointment
that the water is not look at it ready
or that some indigenous people ask to take
but I repeat it is not noticeable when we have a great battle that we do not solve
although in some moments
which scenario that we had to bring this motion has denied home
these flaws can be noticed more
about the multiplayer all to not hear that it is one of the best definition
ops + played bylan and is that again bush and has managed to meet this
mode we find several game modes some knots very interesting
added to those of the previous deliveries
in trafic itself we will add points to customize our character
like for example adding things in the mature
in short the campaign mode is just the beginning of the game be that on the monday
we will have hundreds and hundreds of hours of game
we can also create our own hands and mines ima peace
in short bush and a final form of the fairies is issued
we just hope that microsoft will take advantage of this franchise and not the
Street
the best way companies history the great combat that are formed in the
same
the renewed graphic engine
multiple and which ensures hundreds of hours and hours continued and I do it over
two behind impossible some details for example that the characters
tertiary as if millet are not fully joined another final 10
hundred days
there is nothing
Ana